IMINAX INDEXING AND QUERY PROGRAM

This program accepts a number of command line arguments and command
line switches.  Not all combinations of args and switches are legal.
The legal combinations of switches and args indicate program execution
modes. A list of args and their function as well as an overview of the
execution modes follows.

	  COMMAND LINE ARGUMENTS


	  -b		Boolean switch.  Takes no additional args.
	  		Build Tree and main iminmax_data structure.
	  		This switch must be used with the followin args
			--datafile and --savetf
	  
	  --datafile	Argument takes an extra string parameter.
	  		Used to indicate an input data file in CSV
			format.  The input data file contains lists
			of real numbers between 0 and 1 that represent
			points in a multidimensional space.  This arg
			must be used with -b and --savetf
			
	  --savetf	Argument takes an extra string parameter.
	  		Used to indicate a base file name to be used
			to save serialized binary data of the B+ tree
			and the main iminmax_data data structure.
			The serialized data will be loaded and re-used
			for future queries.  This arg must be used in
			combination with -b and --datafile

			IMPORTANT NOTE: by convention, the program will
			append '.data' and '.tree' to the filename
			specified by --savetf.  So the names of files on
			disk will not match the filename specifed on the
			command line.  --loadtf should also uses this 
			convention, so the file specified by --loadtf
			should exactly match the file originally 
			specified by --savetf

	  --loadtf	Argument takes an extra string parameter.
	  		Used to indicate a base file name to be used
			to load serialized binary data to restore
			the 2 main data structures in order to
			perform queries.

			IMPORTANT NOTE: by convention, the program will
			append '.data' and '.tree' to the filename
			specified by --loadtf.  So the names of files on
			disk will not match the filename specifed on the
			command line.  --savetf uses this convention as
			well.  So the filename used by --loadtf should
			exactly match the filename passed to --savetf.

	  --qp		Argument takes an extra string parameter.
	  		Argument indicates that the user will perform
			one or more point queries.  The string parameter
			corresponds to an input query file containing
			a list of point queries to be performed.
			--qp must be used in combination with --loadtf.

	  --qr		Argument takes an extra string parameter.
	  		Argument indicates that the user will perform
			one or more range queries.  The string parameter
			corresponds to an input query file containing
			a list of range queries to be performed.
			For N range queries, there must be 2N rows
			in the input query file.  --qr must be used in 
			combination with --loadtf.

	  --qn		Argument takes an extra string parameter.
	  		Argument indicates that the user will perform
			one or more KNN queries.  The string parameter
			corresponds to an input query file containing
			a list of point queries to be performed.
			--qn must be used in combination with --loadtf
			and --knn.

	  --knn		Argument takes an extra integer parameter.
	  		Argument is used with a K Nearest Neighbor
			query and indicates the number of neighbors
			that the user wishes to search for.  --knn
			must be used in combination with --loadtf and
			--qn

	  --theta	Argument takes an extra double precision float param.
	  		This specifies the master control variable for
			the iMinMax indexing algorithim.  It is also used
			in all queries.  --theta may be optionally used
			with every execution mode except preprocessing

			IMPORTANT NOTE 1: Theta is essential to this program
			if not specified, a default vaule of 0.0 will
			be used.

			IMPORTANT NOTE 2: The value of theta used to create 
			the index must correspond exactly to the value
			of theta used in a query, otherwise inaccruate 
			results will be obtained.

	  -v		Boolean switch.  Takes no additional args.
	  		Instructs the program to produce verbose output.
			This flag can be used with every mode.

	  -p		Boolean switch.  Takes no additional args.
	  		Instructs the program to enter the preprocessing
			mode.  In this mode the program willa attempt
			to calculate the median of the data and 
			determin the optimal value of theta.
			Must be used in combination with --datafile.

	  -s		Boolean switch.  Takes no additional args.
	  		Instructs the progam to perform a query using
			a sequential search alogrithm rather than
			the standard iMinMax algorithm.  Used for 
			performance comparisons against the standard
			algorithms.

	  EXECUTION MODES

	  1) Build Tree and Index
	     Requires the -b, --datafile and --savetf args
	     Query args may not be passed

	  2) Point Query
	     Requires the --qp and --loadtf args
	     Build args may not be passed
	     May not be mixed with other query args

	  3) Range Query
	     Requires the --qr and --loadtf args
	     Build args may not be passed
	     May not be mixed with other query args

	  4) KNN Query
	     Requires the --qn, --knn  and --loadtf args
	     Build args may not be passed
	     May not be mixed with other query args

	  5) Preprocessing
	     Requires the -p flage and the --datafile arg
	     No other build or query args may be passed
	     NOT CURRENTLY IMPLEMENTED
	     
	  EXAMPLES


    ./main_program -b --datafile data/2d_points.csv --savetf tree2

Load 2 dimensional test data, perform the iMinMax indexing algorithm, 
build the B+ tree, then save the 2 main data structures (the B+ tree
and iminmax_data) to tree2.tree and tree2.data, respectively

    ./main_program --loadtf tree2 --qr test-queries/test_range_query_2.csv

Load tree2.tree and tree2.data constructed in the previous example.  
Repopulate the main data structures from the binary serialized data.
Once the data is back in memory, perform the 2 range queries specified
in the range query input file test_range_query_2.csv

	  PROGRAMMING CREDITS


See main_program/readme/credits.txt
